arrayProblem/MinMax01NotArray.java
 arrayProblem.MinMax01NotArray
arrayProblem/MinMax02NotArray.java
 arrayProblem.MinMax02NotArray
bakFunctionProblem/SelfNumber.java
 bakFunctionProblem.SelfNumber
arrayProblem/Average.java
 arrayProblem.Average
bakForProblem/SumAB2.java
 bakForProblem.SumAB2
arrayProblem/RestNum.java
 arrayProblem.RestNum
bakForProblem/PrintStar2.java
 bakForProblem.PrintStar2
MinusEx.java
 MinusEx
PrintEx.java
 PrintEx
arrayProblem/MinMax01.java
 arrayProblem.MinMax01
bakForProblem/MultipleEx.java
 bakForProblem.MultipleEx
bakForProblem/NOutput.java
 bakForProblem.NOutput
DivideCal.java
 DivideCal
PrintDog.java
 PrintDog
bakForProblem/SumABQuick.java
 bakForProblem.SumABQuick
bakWhileProblem/SumEx2.java
 bakWhileProblem.SumEx2
bakFunctionProblem/Arithmetical.java
 bakFunctionProblem.Arithmetical
SumEx.java
 SumEx
bakForProblem/PrintStar1.java
 bakForProblem.PrintStar1
bakFunctionProblem/SumFuc.java
 bakFunctionProblem.SumFuc
Quadrant.java
 Quadrant
bakForProblem/SumAB1.java
 bakForProblem.SumAB1
bakWhileProblem/SumEx.java
 bakWhileProblem.SumEx
TestClass.java
 TestClass
CalEx.java
 CalEx
bakForProblem/SumNEx.java
 bakForProblem.SumNEx
bakForProblem/MinNum.java
 bakForProblem.MinNum
bakWhileProblem/CycleEx.java
 bakWhileProblem.CycleEx
AlamTime.java
 AlamTime
arrayProblem/MinMax02.java
 arrayProblem.MinMax02
Compare.java
 Compare
lamda.java
 CompareTwo
 lamda
PrintCat.java
 PrintCat
Algorithm.java
 Algorithm
arrayProblem/AverageAL.java
 arrayProblem.AverageAL
LeapYear.java
 LeapYear
MultiplyEx.java
 MultiplyEx
arrayProblem/OXEx.java
 arrayProblem.OXEx
DivideEx.java
 DivideEx
bakForProblem/SumEx.java
 bakForProblem.SumEx
arrayProblem/NumCount.java
 arrayProblem.NumCount
MultipleCal.java
 MultipleCal
bakForProblem/Output.java
 bakForProblem.Output
bakStringProblem/AskiCode.java
 bakStringProblem.AskiCode
bakStringProblem/Sum01.java
 bakStringProblem.Sum01
bakStringProblem/Location.java
 bakStringProblem.Location
bakStringProblem/StringAgain.java
 bakStringProblem.StringAgain
bakStringProblem/WordStudy.java
 bakStringProblem.WordStudy
